Fix readme (#55)
Smithed-MC/Libraries: smithed_libraries/packs/custom-block/README.md

<p align="center">
  <img width='50%' src="https://github.com/TheNuclearNexus/smithed/blob/master/public/official_smithed_library.png?raw=true">
</p>

# Custom Block
A customizable API to make custom blocks easier to work with.

## Usage
[Documentation](https://docs.smithed.dev/libraries/custom-block/)
## Downloading

> You can download it from [here](https://api.smithed.dev/v2/download?pack=custom-block)<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download it from [here](https://smithed.net/packs/custom-block)<br/>
```
Staying consistent among the files
